Update Python docs (#960)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/building/cori.rst

   make -j 16 COMP=gcc USE_OPENPMD=TRUE

In order to run WarpX, load the same modules again.

> Building a Python installtion
> -----------------------------

Reviewer: Just a little typo:
```suggestion
Building as Python Package
--------------------------
```

When building with Python, it is recommended to use the cray-python, version 3. For example,

.. code-block:: bash

   module load cray-python/3.7.3.2

> Otherwise, follow the instructions for a general Python install here :doc:`python`.

Reviewer: Close, just use
```suggestion
Otherwise, follow the instructions for a general Python install here :ref:`building-python`.
```

And add the new anchor `.. _building-python:` to the first line of `Docs/source/building/python.rst` please.

Author: Thanks for the suggestions!
